Don't you want to explain?
I didn't expect this woman to have such a thing
Honey, can't you see that he did it on purpose?
You don't really think I'm as beautiful as Miss He
If you have a lust
Am I not being taken advantage of?
You don't know my heart yet?
I am except you
Have I ever looked at another woman?
You mouth?
No wonder so many women don't like you
Then after I shut up and stop talking, um
OK
Our company is finally going public
Akin, I am now
Is it so unattractive?
I can't even handle the man named Chengfeng
The one named Chengfeng must have a problem with his eyes.
Otherwise, how could it not bow down to you?
Miss He
The stock you bought yesterday went up again today
I heard that he is called the god of Yuncheng Xiaogu
I didn't know he was getting knocked to the ground by my stocks
What would it look like?
Aju
Help me apply for a maximum loan from the bank
Your quota is 30 billion 30 billion
Ride the wind, I want to see what you take to fight me